<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en-US">
  <head>
    <title>The Kitchen Encyclopedia</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
  </head>
  <body>

    <h1 id="book-title">THE KITCHEN ENCYCLOPEDIA</h1>

<section id="introduction">
    <p id="title-sub-heading">You will find many helpful
    suggestions in this book; all
      of them are tried and practical</p>

    <p id="copyright">Twelfth Edition
    Swift &amp; Company, <abbr title="United States of America">U. S. A.</abbr>
    Copyright, 1911, by Swift &amp; Company</p>

    <p>Keep this book in your kitchen for ready reference</p>
</section>

    <section>
      <h2>Recipes</h2>

      <p class="helpful-hint">You can make exactly as good cakes, pies, cookies, and candies by
          substituting for the butter named in your recipes 3/4 the
          quantity of Swift's Premium Oleomargarine. On this and the
          following pages are a few recipes in which this substitution has
          been made. Try them. You will find them good and more economical
        than when made with butter.</p>

      <p class="helpful-hint">You may have some favorite recipes that are too expensive on account
          of the large amount of butter required. You can reduce their cost
        by using Swift's Premium Oleomargarine.</p>

    <article>
      <h3 class="recipe-title">Loaf Fig Cake</h3>

      <h4 class="recipe-sub-heading">Light Part</h4>

    <ul class="ingredients">
      <li>1/2 cupful Swift's Premium Oleomargarine</li>
      <li>1/2 cupful sweet milk</li>
      <li>1-1/2 teaspoonfuls baking-powder</li>
      <li>1 cupful sugar</li>
      <li>1-1/2 cupfuls flour</li>
      <li>1 teaspoonful vanilla</li>
      <li>Whites of 4 eggs</li>
      </ul>

      <p>Cream the oleomargarine and sugar. Add the milk, with which the
          vanilla has been mixed. Sift the baking-powder with the flour and
        add gradually. Add the whites, well beaten, last.</p>

      <h4 class="recipe-sub-heading">Dark Part</h4>

    <ul class="ingredients">
      <li>1/2 cupful Swift's Premium Oleomargarine</li>
      <li>3/4 cupful milk</li>
      <li>1-1/2 teaspoonfuls baking-powder</li>
      <li>Yolks of 4 eggs</li>
      <li>1/2 pound of raisins</li>
      <li>1-1/2 cupfuls sugar</li>
      <li>3 cupfuls flour</li>
      <li>1 dessertspoonful each of
        <ul>
          <li>cinnamon</li>
          <li>cloves</li>
          <li>allspice</li>
          <li>nutmeg</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>1 pound of figs</li>
      </ul>

      <p>Cream the oleomargarine and sugar. Add the egg-yolks, well beaten,
          then the milk. Sift the baking-powder and spices with the flour
          and add gradually. The raisins should be seeded and dredged with
          flour, and the figs should be cut in small pieces and dredged
          with flour and added to the batter the last thing. Put in the pan
        alternate layers of each part and bake in a loaf.</p>
      </article>

      <article>
      <h3 class="recipe-title">Sugar Cookies</h3>

    <ul class="ingredients">
      <li>1 cupful Swift's Premium Oleomargarine</li>
      <li>1 cupful sour milk</li>
      <li>1 teaspoonful soda</li>
      <li>2 cupfuls sugar</li>
      <li>3 eggs, well beaten</li>
      <li>Flavoring to taste</li>
      <li>Flour enough to roll out thin</li>
      </ul>

      <p>Cream the oleomargarine and sugar. Add the eggs, whites and yolks
          beaten together. Dissolve the soda in the sour milk. Add this and
          then the flour. Roll out thin. Just before cutting out the
          cookies sift granulated sugar on top and roll it in slightly,
          then cut out cookies with cookie-cutter and bake in a moderate
        oven.</p>
      </article>
    </section>

  </body>
</html>
